Name change (#158)
TBD54566975/tbdex-protocol: README.md

# Jargon Decoder
Quick explanation of terms used. 

| Term            | Definition                                                                                                                                                         |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| PFI             | Partipating Financial Institution: typically this is some kind of company that allows you to obtain a specified currency in exchange for another (e.g. BTC -> KES) |
| KYC             | Know Your Customer: requirements that financial institutions know who their customer is for legal and compliance reasons.                                          |
| payin           | a method/technology used by the sender to transmit funds to the PFI.                                                                                               |
| payout          | a method/technology used by the PFI to transmit funds to the recipient. e.g. Mobile Money                                                                          |

> | payout currency | currency that the PFI is SELLING. Alice will _receive_ the payout currency from the PFI.                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| payout currency | currency that the PFI is paying out to Alice. Alice will _receive_ the payout currency from the PFI.                                                                           |
```
